or
hit me horrible is super fun
do so many reviews in a few days
from today it is de l'oréal paris
the bid hydrated curls with which not
shampoo hidra definition good first
let's start with this, this is not
This is my hair the texture normal
of my hair my hair is a side
I do not consider the fringe or anything the day of
today to give you an idea of how
is my hair normally my hair is
very very very thin but I have a lot
hair then that's why you see it looks
like there's a lot of hair I have hair
thinnest of a lot of hair my hair
it tends to be quite dry very dry in
general that is the texture
which usually has then always
what I look for in a shampoo and
conditioner more than anything is that it helps
to moisturize the hair and that helps
seal that hydration
that's basically what what
I look for any conditioner shampoo
treatment for hair and so on
etc
I feel that as my diet has
gone
I feel that a great influence on me
hair has been my feeding on
everything in the last months since February
more or less I started with a wave of eating
as organic and so then I stopped
eat a lot of things I stopped eating breads
of the box stop drinking milk completely
I stopped taking all soft drinks juices
things that have artificial sugars
I do not put sugar
nothing you take is not many things in
I'm generally trying to eat more
organic and I think that that really has
seen in my hair my hair looks more
Shiny and with more life in the past
months and I attribute it to that in addition
that as fewer things of that kind as
more vegetables like many more vegetables
greens and green fruits that are what
they help to oxygenate it all the
body then the hair finally is
It is also part of this whole process
economic favorite is this in general my
Favorite economic brand is the bid
I think the bid has very good
quality in terms of shampoo has as
those standard things that are good do not
that has a good price handles more or
less good formulas and I do not throw the
hair because for example pantene the
after using it a couple of a couple of
weeks I realized that my hair was
began to fall a lot and generally
I do not have hair loss at all
and many people have told me what happens to him
the same with that brand
then that does not happen to me and this
presentation especially curls
hydrated I use it because my hair
It is wavy and I like it to be
wavy a lot of people do not like their
natural hair I love my hair
natural fascinates me is wavy me what
ironed I fix it differently
to see me a little different but in
overall I love my hair so
How is it
and I think I always leave more as
the presentations for curly hair
because I feel that they are the ones
they usually bring collagen or bring
proteins that help hydrate the
hair while
if I feel that the more I use this type
of more hydrated formulas looks like
that helps my hair to undulate
more and I like that a lot because there
times where the year in which I have left
as very straight I would be noticed as a straight
You are here and here it starts
undulate and there are days that dawns everything very
wavy and is that it appears as more straight
then when he used these shampoos as
that ripples more and I like that a lot
they do not leave my hair heavy and I think
that for me that's something very, very
important in general people who
we have liver hair and any
product leaves it very heavy and I use
many products more than anything for
avoid getting entangled because for the same reason
that the hair is very straight but very
lazio very thin pardon and how is it not
straight as it is more wavy tangles like this
at any time of the day under any
circumstance and that is terrible this
presentation especially I feel that I
That helps a lot to like you more
definition to me to my wavy that much
I like to keep it hydrated
and I also feel that it helps me stay
Special lightweight of 750 milliliters each
each one and I took it cost me in
set as 100 110 pesos that is to say that
they must undulate between 50 and 55
weights each bag almost always when
find the largest package the
750 milliliters is much cheaper
than buying the 250 milliliter that you
it costs like 35 pesos but here you have 3
times more then product in
I generally recommend them if they are not
still very safe try the
presentation of 250 milliliters but if
his hair is more style mine this
is going to serve a lot then that's the
price I think the price is very very
good and it's a very good shampoo
quality here says in hydrated curls
collagen hydra shampoo definition
hydration 24 hours and I feel that the one
keeps my hair hydrated much more
that other shampoos the same the same
mark the bid has has the shampoo and
the whole line of royal jelly and I like
a lot of royal jelly and I feel that if
gives you also have the version of
repair 5 in one something like that are
similar but the idea is pretty much
keep hair healthy and all this and
if I feel that it hydrates the hair but
I feel that this presentation especially
it hydrates it much more by much more
time I wash my hair one day yes and a
day not and still the second day that no
I washed my hair like for example in
a wash my hair is still very manageable
very very light and very soft not touching it
I really like is anti frizz division if
gives more definition and I achieve this type
of wavy when you used this shampoo or in
special and also anti frizz I do not feel
I have a lot of frizz I have
a lot of frizz
or if it happens to me that here next to
they can see I have as little children
small in this hair that never
they grow and if you help me a bit with the
frizz
when I iron my hair when I do not
dry it with a dryer and the rest is when
it is more noticeable that my body is very hydrated
hair because even though I have
ironed much more this last month that
that normally I have not been dehydrated
for nothing and I feel that it looks very very very
nice and that I untangled it in the
shower because I do not have it that
untangling in the shower but not
unravels but unraveled in the shower
with a comb with wide beaks and the rest
of the day I left soft smooth soft very
nice very defined and I feel that help
a lot with that, I do not get so entangled
when I use narrows and have this
hair type I think you will like
If you have tried it, tell me how
it worked for them and if they have not tried it
try it and tell us how it goes like this
leave it in the comments I see them in the
next video and we still have left
Quite a few bids, so keep watching the channel
and many kisses bye